Fixes local UI running issues (#6568)
taskcluster/taskcluster: changelog/issue-6564.md

audience: general
level: patch
reference: issue 6564
---

> Fixes CSP related issue with running single UI container locally `docker compose ui`. If run with shipped nginx.conf, it would not be able to load some resources correctly becaues of the strictre 'Content-Security-Policy' headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes CSP related issue with running single UI container locally `docker compose ui`. If run with shipped nginx.conf, it would not be able to load some resources correctly because of the stricter 'Content-Security-Policy' headers.
```
